Stepper: add Overview demo description (#29701)
DevExpress/DevExtreme: apps/demos/Demos/Stepper/Overview/description.md

> The DevExtreme Stepper is a UI component that enables a user to navigate multi-step processes like purchases and forms. Stepper supports multiple customization options.

Reviewer: "Enables to navigate". That's true, but you can also navigate with Next/Previous buttons. And such buttons are usually present regardless of whether you use a Stepper. I think the main purpose is to illustrate how far you made it in a multi-step form. Navigation is secondary. 

"like purchases and forms". I changed that part as well. A "purchase" or a "checkout" is still a kind of a "form". So I wanted two different examples. 

"Stepper supports multiple customization options." Just one of those sentences that doesn't have any specific information. They'll soon see all the options, no need to say something generic like this. 

```suggestion
The DevExtreme Stepper is a UI component that indicates progress in a multi-step process and enables users to navigate between individual steps. You can add Stepper components to lengthy data entry forms such as guest checkouts or credit card applications. 
```

> To get started with DevExtreme Stepper, refer to the following tutorial for step-by-step instructions: [Getting Started with Stepper](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Stepper/Getting_Started_with_Stepper/).

Reviewer: Three different phrases hint at an "introductory" document: "to get started", "the following tutorial", "step-by-step instructions". I can even just say "To get started with DevExtreme Stepper, see <link>". The meaning wouldn't change much. So I shortened the second part - ended up with something in the middle.

```suggestion
To get started with DevExtreme Stepper, refer to the following step-by-step tutorial: [Getting Started with Stepper](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Stepper/Getting_Started_with_Stepper/).
```

<!--split-->

> ## Base Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Component Configuration
```

> The Stepper includes the following base properties:

Reviewer: I don't want to use the phrase "base property" because I can't really define what's "base" and what's not.  

```suggestion
The following settings are available:
```

- [orientation](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/#orientation) (default: *'horizontal'*)
The Stepper's orientation.
- [linear](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/#linear) (default: `true`)

> Specifies whether users navigate the Stepper sequentally or skip steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies whether users must navigate the Stepper sequentially or can skip steps.
```

- [selectOnFocus](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/#selectOnFocus) (default: `true`)

> Specifies whether steps focused with keyboard arrows are automatically selected or not.

Reviewer: When we use phrases with "whether", we usually omit the part "or not". It's implied. 

```suggestion
Specifies whether steps focused with keyboard arrows are selected automatically.
```

- [rtlEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/#rtlEnabled) (default: `false`)

> Switches the Stepper to a right-to-left mode.

Reviewer: "a right-to-left mode" implies that there may be a few different right-to-left modes. And in case of modes, we usually try to avoid the article altogether. E.g. "I'm turning Silent mode on". 

```suggestion
Switches the Stepper to Right-to-Left mode.
```

> ## Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step Settings
```

> To specify Stepper steps, define [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/items/) or [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/#dataSource). Define **dataSource** if you need to utilize remote or processed data. 

Reviewer: I'm not sure what you mean by "processed data". Anyway, I don't think we necessarily need that second sentence. It seems clear that `items` defines steps in unbound mode and `dataSource` is useful if you already have some kind of existing step storage. 

```suggestion
To add steps, populate the [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/items/) collection or specify a [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/#dataSource).
```

> You can assign the following properties to each step:

Reviewer: You don't "assign properties", you can "assign values to properties". Or you can "set/use properties" or "specify property values". 

```suggestion
Use the following properties to customize steps:
```

- [text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/items/#text)

> Indicator text. If you do not define this option, Stepper will number steps sequentially.

Reviewer: We usually prefer present simple over future tense. 

```suggestion
Indicator text. If you do not define this option, Stepper numbers steps sequentially.
```

- [icon](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/items/#icon)
Indicator icon. Stepper prioritizes icons over the **text** property.
- [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/items/#label)

> Step caption.

Reviewer: We already have "text" and now we announce the "caption" property. We should probably add a few extra words for separation. 

```suggestion
Step caption displayed next to the indicator. 
```

- [optional](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/items/#optional)

> Adds an *(Optional)* sub-caption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds an *(Optional)* label to the step.
```

- [isValid](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/items/#isValid)

> A visual validation indicator.

Reviewer: Sometimes you use a noun to describe the property: `caption` - "Step caption displayed ...". This makes sense, because the property value actually holds that caption  string. 

Sometimes you use a verb: `optional` - "Adds a label ... ". Also makes sense, because the property holds `true` or `false`, but the step does something based on this value.  

But in this one, the property still holds `true` or `false`, but you describe it as "A visual indicator". The property doesn't hold an indicator. It holds a value that specifies whether an indicator will appear. 

```suggestion
Allows you to indicate that user input on this step results in validation errors.
```

- [disabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/items/#disabled)
Deactivates the step.
- [hint](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/items/#hint)

> Adds a hint on hover.

Reviewer: Now this one could actually be describe with a noun. 

```suggestion
Tooltip text for this step. 
```
